“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” — Eleanor Roosevelt
"We will either find a way or make one." - Hannibal Barca
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” — Lao Tzu
“Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life — think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, and every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.” — Swami Vivekananda
“Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” — Winston Churchill
“Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.” — Albert Einstein
“If you’re not stubborn, you’ll give up on experiments too soon. And if you’re not flexible, you’ll pound your head against the wall and you won’t see a different solution to a problem you’re trying to solve.” — Jeff Bezos
“Don’t ever let somebody tell you-you can’t do something, not even me. Alright? You dream, you gotta protect it. People can’t do something themselves, they wanna tell you-you can’t do it. If you want something, go get it. Period.” — Chris Gardner (The Pursuit of Happyness)
“Great men are not born great, they grow great.”— Mario Puzo (The Godfather)
“Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.” — Ferris (Ferris Bueller’s Day Off)
“Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.” — Thomas A. Edison
“Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.” — Albert Einstein
“In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on.” — Robert Frost
“Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people.” – Leo Burnett
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.” — Roy T. Bennett
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” — Arthur Ashe
“Play to your strengths. If you aren’t great at something, do more of what you’re great at.” — Jason Lemkin
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.” — Jimmy Dean
“One of the most important principles of success is developing the habit of going the extra mile.” — Napoleon Hill
“Success is not a destination, but the road that you’re on. Being successful means that you’re working hard and walking your walk every day. You can only live your dream by working hard towards it. That’s living your dream.” — Marlon Wayans
“There are people who make things happen, there are people who watch things happen, and there are people who wonder what happened. To be successful, you need to be a person who makes things happen.” — Jim Lovell
“Patience, persistence, and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.” — Napoleon Hill
